README.md, before:

# [Grace Snow](https://fedmentor.dev/about/)

🌈 **Accessibility Specialist | Frontend Developer & Mentor | Strategist | Inclusivity Chapion**

- [FED Mentor](https://fedmentor.dev) is my frontend and accessibility-focused blog site
- [Grace Snow Design](https://gracesnowdesign.co.uk) is my (now rather out-dated!) personal site
- Check out [Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/grace-snow) to see the _wealth_ of helpful feedback I've given to junior developers

## A few facts about me...

- I am a [Certified Professional in Accessibility Core Competencies](https://www.accessibilityassociation.org/s/certified-professional)
- I'm pursuing further certifications with the [International Association of Accessibility Professionals (IAAP)](https://www.accessibilityassociation.org) 
- I’m currently a mid-Frontend Developer and Accessibility Lead at a great agency
- I love working with Static Site Generators and vanilla front end tech stacks
- I enjoy Vue.js more than any other JavaScript framework
- I care about **equality and inclusion** more than all else

## Wanna see my work?

As I work for an agency, most of my _code_ is private. But I can happily talk you through my contributions and their impact, in terms of code, consultancy and developing accessibility strategy at an organisational level. [Email me](mailto:gracesnowdesign@gmail.com) or contact me via [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/gracesnow/) if you have an opportunity you'd like me to consider.

Clients have included: JCB, various UK utility companies, major pension scheme providers, charities, large e-commerce sites with mobile apps...

## Accessibility consultancy services

Either as a private contractor or through the _excellent_ company I work for, I can provide the following services. [Contact me](mailto:gracesnowdesign@gmail.com) to discuss.

- Accessibility audits against WCAG 2.2 (various levels available, depending on requirements and budget)
- Training talks, workshops or other materials
- Remediation work or developer specific consultancy support
- Assistive Technology testing 
- Document remediation 
- Accessibility Statements 
- Accessibility maturity models and strategy

Commit message:

Update README.md with more recent work history
Update current role and clients

README.md, after:

# [Grace Snow](https://fedmentor.dev/about/)

🌈 **Accessibility Specialist | Frontend Developer & Mentor | Strategist | Inclusivity Chapion**

- [FED Mentor](https://fedmentor.dev) is my frontend and accessibility-focused blog site
- [Grace Snow Design](https://gracesnowdesign.co.uk) is my (now rather out-dated!) personal site
- Check out [Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/grace-snow) to see _loads_ of (hopefully) helpful feedback I've given to junior developers

## A few facts about me...

- I am a [Certified Professional in Accessibility Core Competencies](https://www.accessibilityassociation.org/s/certified-professional)
- I'm pursuing further certifications with the [International Association of Accessibility Professionals (IAAP)](https://www.accessibilityassociation.org) 
- I moved away from front end development to focus more on accessibility in recent years.
- I'm currently an accessibility specialist at a great company.
- I love working with Static Site Generators and vanilla front end tech stacks, especially focusing on content-first designs that still look great and are accessible. 
- I enjoy Vue.js more than any other JavaScript framework.
- I care about **equality and inclusion** more than all else.

## Wanna see my work?

As I work for an agency, most of my _code_ is private. But I can happily talk you through my contributions and their impact, in terms of code, consultancy and developing accessibility strategy at an organisational level. [Email me](mailto:gracesnowdesign@gmail.com) or contact me via [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/gracesnow/) if you have an opportunity you'd like me to consider.

Clients have included: UK government departments, major e-commerce brands, various UK utility companies, large pension scheme providers, charities...

## Accessibility consultancy services

Either as a private contractor or through the _excellent_ company I work for, I can provide the following services. [Contact me](mailto:gracesnowdesign@gmail.com) to discuss.

- Accessibility audits against WCAG 2.2 (various levels available, depending on requirements and budget)
- Training talks, workshops or other materials
- Remediation work or developer specific consultancy support
- Assistive Technology testing 
- Document remediation 
- Accessibility Statements 
- Accessibility maturity models and strategy
